mention --head-commit in readme (#38)
NoRedInk/deploy-complexity: README.md

bundle exec pr-checklist.rb -b branch -c tools/deploy_complexity/checklists.rb
```

#### Overriding `HEAD`

deploy-checklist will, by default, treat current `HEAD` as the `HEAD` commit for change tracking.

It's possible to override that behavior like:

```
bundle exec pr-checklist.rb -b branch -c tools/deploy_complexity/checklists.rb --head-commit fafafafa
```

Where `fafafafa` would be used as the `HEAD`.

> This is useful if you run deploy-complexity on CI after merging `master` in, for instance. Else, the checklists would report on all incoming changes that are completely unrelated to the branch under analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful if you run deploy-complexity after merging `master`. Without setting HEAD to the head of the PR pre-merge, the checklists would report on all incoming changes that are completely unrelated to the branch under analysis.
```
